== 1.2.5 20120804

* Issue #48 any forks with modifications will be affected!
* Source code restructured into individual files
* Common indentation used throughout the source
* Many method comments have been added
* See notes in source regarding making methods private in the next release
* See notes in source regarding removal of methods in the next release
* Include examples and tests in rdoc generated during install
* Issue #47 socket is open during retries

== 1.2.4 20120625

* Add ability for client to request flush on write to the connection (Issue #45)
* Add ability for client to retrieve heartbeat intervals and counters
* Fix I/O errors with heartbeats and multithreaded clients (Issue #46)
* Enhance tests for heartbeats
* Correct typos and clarify comments in many examples

== 1.2.3 20120616

* Fix UnsupportedProtocol on connect to a 1.0 broker
* Add Client#poll method
* Add help to stompcat and catstomp
* Allow password to be set for private SSL key
* Update comments to reflect new repository URL
* Reformat changelog dates to ISO8601
* Fix SSL connection failures using JRuby
* Use symbols, not strings for all header keys
* Add IPV6 to IPV4 failover for dual homed systems when requested

== 1.2.2 20120324

* Major performance improvement for read of messages without content-length header
* Correct Stomp 1.1 failing test
* Update sample code to reflect removal of 'send'
* Add on_ssl_connectfail callback and allow clients to signal quit from the callback
* Ensure that SSL certificates and SSL related files exist and are readable
* Allow SSL file checks before connect using SSLParams.new(:fsck => true, ...)
* Correct a test for Windows compatibility

== 1.2.1 20120313

* Robust SSL certificate support.  See examples and: https://github.com/stompgem/stomp/wiki/extended-ssl-overview
* Really remove the deprecated #send methods
* Fix exception in Stomp 1.1 code when headers are frozen
* Revert 245e734a0. See ce8335fb2f for details. Fixes broken Connection#poll.
* Add reconnection attempts to callback logging.
* Add SSL specific connection information to callback logging.

== 1.2.0 20111214

* Stomp 1.1 protocol support.  A significant change.  Please test existing 1.0 code well.  See the examples directory for 1.1 examples.
* Accept :reliable in a Stomp::Client connection hash
* Add connect timeout with hashed parameters
* Do not allow calls after close/disconnect
* Enhance supported logger callbacks
* Fix subscription id in find_listener
* Start to bootstrap STOMP 1.1 support

== 1.1.10 20111107

* Fixes for JRuby support
* Fix EOF error on disconnect
* Refactoring and additional test
* Set up tests for use of RabbitMQ

== 1.1.9 20110615

* Support wildcard destinations
* Handle subscribe with string or symbol ID
* Check for duplicate subscriptions in spec tests
* Support AMQ and Apollo servers in uinit tests
* Correct UTF-8 (Unicode) content-length calcualtion in Ruby 1.9
* Send of a nil body causes exception
* Add optional callback logging.  See the examples install directory, files logexamp.rb and slogger.rb
* Correct date stamps in this file

== 1.1.8 20110316

* Set KEEPALIVE on connection socket options
* Attempt to support JRuby more robustly (poll remains broken)
* Switch to ruby supplied IO#ready?
* Test enhancements for suppress_content_length header
* Miscellaneous small documentation updates
* Add parse_timeout parameter for use with hashed logins 
* Allow connection to hosts with a - (dash) in the host name
* Add limit parameter to thread joins

== 1.1.7 20110109

* Binary parse of raw STOMP frame
* Fix broken tests on Ruby 1.9.2

== 1.1.6 20100610

* Fixed multi-thread app hanging

== 1.1.5 20100317

* Added publish method (send is now deprecated)
* Changes on Rake File
* Added original_destination header to unreceive
* suppress content length header is send on the message for future handling (like unreceive)

== 1.1.4 20100121

* Added unreceive message method that sends the message back to its queue or to the 
  dead letter queue, depending on the :max_redeliveries option, similar to a13m one.
* Added environment variable option for running 'rake test' on any stomp server, using any port with any user.
* Added suppress_content_length header option for ActiveMQ knowing it is a text message (see: 
  http://juretta.com/log/2009/05/24/activemq-jms-stomp/)
* Fixed some bugs with Ruby 1.9 (concatenate string + exception)
* Major changes on message parsing feature
* Fixed bug with old socket not being closed when using failover
* Fixed broken poll method on Connection
* Fixed broken close method on Client
* Added connection_frame accessor
* Added disconnect receipt

== 1.1.3 20091124

* Failover support
* SSL support
* Stomp::Connection and Stomp::Client accept a hash on their constructor

== 1.1 20090227

* Ruby 1.9 Support
* Add support for connect_headers, to control the CONNECT command.
* Refactored lib dir to separate concerns.
* Better test coverage
* General code cleanup. 

== 1.0.6 20080805

* Whitespace cleanup
* Refactored Rakefile and added stomp.gemspec for GitHub friendliness.
* Added .gitignore file
* Refactored layout of lib dir to separate concerns
* Cleanup of initializers, and provide Client accessors for reading values (for testing)
* Removed test/test_url_* files as they only differed from the test_client.rb in their
  setup.  Super UnDry.  Added URL tests to cover stomp URL as param.
* Created initial RSpec specs which stub/mock objects and should not require a running
  Stomp server instance.

== v1.0.5 20070201

* better url parsing
* git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/ruby/trunk@48 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b

== v1.0.4 20070115

* Allow URL style connections descriptors
* git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/ruby/trunk@44 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b

== v1.0.3 20070114

* Additional fixes for reliable by Andrew Kuklewicz
* git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/ruby/trunk@42 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b

== v1.0.2 20060922

* Moving ruby so we can tag it ;-)
* git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/ruby/trunk@37 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b

== v1.0.1 20051217

* Increment version
* git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/trunk/ruby@24 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b

== v1.0.0 20051015

* works in repl, getting messages in weird order or dupes in test, but unable to isolate so far =(
* git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/trunk/ruby@20 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b

